Hello fellow passengers, welcome to the Compass podcast. Today, we have a special guest, Annie King. She's the author of The Inevitable You: How to Embrace Your Path and Succeed with Relentless Precision. Annie, welcome to the show.
Thank you! I'm so happy to be here. And thanks for sending me the questions in advance — I'm really excited to share some of the ideas from the book with your viewers. I think we're going to have a lot of fun unpacking what it means to truly embrace your path.
Absolutely! I want to get into your book, but first I have to ask — what was it like growing up in a household that treated organization almost like...a sport?
Oh, it absolutely was. I mean, we had laminated grocery lists organized by aisle. Our holiday planning meetings had PowerPoint presentations. I remember my parents once joking that the only reason I was born on a Tuesday was because that's when the family schedule had a two-hour window labeled Future Planning: Expansion Opportunities. My dad always said: "If the universe already has a plan, why don't you?"
That's unbelievable! And the Future Planners Club...you actually led that?
I did, yep! In high school. We scheduled meetings three years in advance. I still send quarterly updates to the members. Some people send holiday cards — I send Gantt charts of life milestones.
So let's talk about your daily routine.
Absolutely. It's all centered around a Trello board. I call it the "Legacy Tracker." It's where I map out everything — content ideas, meetings, even what I'm going to be inspired by next week. I update it at 6 AM, 12 PM, 6 PM, and midnight. If it's not on the board, it simply doesn't exist.
Midnight? Isn't that...a bit late?
Oh, no! Midnight is the perfect Trello time. It's perfectly slotted between "Evening Reflection" and "Pre-Dream Visualization." Time is elastic when you manage it properly.
I love that. So you even schedule your inspiration?
Of course! Spontaneity is just another word for unpreparedness. I schedule "Unscheduled Inspiration" for 15 minutes every Friday. It's like letting the universe take the wheel...but, you know, with a seatbelt and GPS.
So, Annie, I have to ask...how do you handle unexpected things? Like, truly unexpected — no Trello card, no teal labels. Just pure chaos.
That's a great question! Honestly, I also plan for the unexpected things. I actually have a whole Trello board dedicated to it. It's called "Contingencies." If something unplanned happens, I just move it there, assess it, and categorize it. But of course, I also have a backup board called "Meta Contingencies," just in case the first layer of planning doesn't quite cover it.
But then, I started to realize...maybe nothing's really unexpected. Like, what if every single deviation is just...preordained? That's when I added another list called "Predetermined Deviations." It's kind of a joke, but also kind of not, you know? Like, maybe I only think I'm handling unexpected things, but really, I'm just following the script that's already been written.
And me explaining that to you right now? Also predetermined. In fact, this exact conversation — me talking about predeterminism, you asking me how I handle chaos — it's all part of the same track. Even me realizing that this realization is predetermined...that's just another layer. Like a...Meta-Meta Contingency. Um, yeah... uh ha.
Gotcha, gotcha. Before we wrap up, any last words for our listeners?
Absolutely. Planning is more than just organization — it's a lifestyle. If you already know the path is there, why wouldn't you walk it with a map?
That...makes sense! Thanks so much for joining us, Annie. This was super inspiring.
Thank you! I'm excited for our 2028 interview. I'll send you the calendar invite once we get off of here.
I'll be looking forward to it!